Hmm?
You okay?
Never been better.
I lost 94 fucking pounds.
Ninety-four...
- Here she is.
- Candy's late.
Fashionably. Hey. Hey.
It's her night, it's her film.
- Let her have her big entrance.
- Hey...
Mr. and Mrs. Wasserman.
- Mr. and Mrs. Martino.
- Ah!
Mage/
on the premiere of your
very first producorial endeavor.
All right.
So, how much money is this making us?
Regrettably, this is an
invitation-only event, you understand?
So, the tickets are gratis.
But we open
in ten theaters on Thursday.
That's all?
That's a lot.
For porn, that's huge.
- Huge.
- All right?
Okay. All right, all right.
Oh, uh, yeah, Harv...
We're gonna do right by Christina
on the next one?
I mean, leading role?
- On the next one?
- Yeah.
- I mean, we owe it.
- You mean you owe it.
You know, we're gonna
figure that out later, all right?
Enjoy yourselves tonight.
- Okay. Okay.
- All right? Both of you.
- A
maze/
top to you, my friend.
- Oh, my God. All right.
- Love the tie.
- Beautiful.
Turn this way. Let me see
that beautiful face, baby.
Thank you.
Thank you, baby.
Excuse me, baby,
let me get a photo. Baby? Hey.
This way, please, come on.
Come on, come on.
Give me something.
- Looking beautiful, mama.
- Give me a smile, come on.
Hey, baby, hey.
You're looking so pretty.
Put a nice smile on.
One more, one more,
one more. Sparkly diamonds.
- Come on.
- Looking good.
This way, this way.
Congratulations, Candy.
- Russ. Hey, Russ.
- Russell.
- Ho, boy. Russ.
- I see some old friends
- from when I was young.
- No problem.
Okay. I'll catch you in there.
Ten theaters and counting.
And this.
We made the trades.
Tomorrow’s
Var/em
Hey, Lori Madison.
Hey, Lori, what's wrong?
- Uh... Nothing.
- No, no, no.
- Lori, talk to me.
- Just...
I know he's gonna...
He's gonna show up here. I know.
This is...
This is your night, all right?
If his narrow ass shows up,
he's not getting anywhere near you.
- Understand?
-Mmmmmm.
Hey. My word is my bond.
- Okay.
Oh, my God. Look at you.
Hot as balls.
"...and the script is, at points,
blunt and knowing.
"There's much to be admired here.
"So much, in fact, that were it not
for the gratuitous punctuation
"of hardcore pornographic imagery,
Red Hot
could be called..."
"...an instant arthouse
tour-de-force."
- Gratuitous?
- Never mind that.
You are holding the best review
of a skin flick
since
Behind the Green Door.
The guy bought what you were selling.
This is a hit, Eileen.
Forget about the raincoat crowd,
guys are gonna bring dates to this.
Regular guys. Normal guys.
- Normal?
-Hmm.
Harvey, I keep telling you,
fuck normal.
- Nobody's normal.
- Come here.
Yeah, Lori. Yeah!
- Congratulations, Lori.
- Yeah, Lori, yeah.
You're beautiful, baby.
Russ would be the idiot
with flowers on his arm.
Let's just say it's not exactly
like the old days
when you were fumbling around
with those Tri-Delt girls
at the fall mixer.
Only difference between
Candy and the Tri-Delt girls
is Candy knows how to fuck.
So, what's it like boning a porn star?
It's like boning a porn star.
- Shit.
- So, the screening's about
to start, and I'd like you
to intro the film.
You ready with a few words?
Yeah.
Well, I'm awake.
What made you think this movie
was gonna keep them interested?
I love this movie.
Bill Holden is like the hero
without any of the hero bullshit.
- He didn't want to go back.
- Yeah, but he did.
I dunno, I read in the
TVGu/de
it was playing,
and I thought
they would be ready for it.
I mean, I was at their age.
I remember I took two buses
all the way to the Marine on Flatbush
to see it.
- Marine's gone now.
- Yeah.
Oh, fuck, we're on memory lane.
- The years, you know?
- Christ, Vin, no.
- No, don't even start.
- Yeah, you're not wrong.
So, how's it going
with that guy from Cedarhurst?
- The lawyer.
- Done. Done.
Oh...
I was rooting for that guy.
You were rooting for an end
to the monthly checks,
that's what you were rooting for.
Be honest.
No. Fuck the money. The money's easy.
Why can't I want you happy?
Yeah, well, not with that mook,
that was for sure.
And Abby? How's that?
Good.
I mean... I don't know.
Good, but you don't know?
She has her own things,
her own worlds.
She's smarter than me,
which is great, but...
You're smart, Vin. Don't play that
dumb bartender shit with me.
She's book smart, and I'm not that.
And it ain't even really
about the books.
You know, when I...
When I met her, she was young,
and there was this whole world
she didn't know about.
But now it's like she sees the world
better than me.
And me,
I think she sees right through.
Just because she knows
more shit than you
doesn't mean she won't
make you a good wnfe, VIn.
She wants to get married
like I want a kidney stone.
What about, uh, you know, kids?
What do you want?
I want a house and a wife
and a bunch of rug rats
running around,
and a dog and a cat and a goldfish,
and a lawn and a driveway
with a Lincoln rusting in it.
And I want to be
at the center of the world
and never fucking sleep.
Same as ever.
Yeah, but I'm more mature than I was.
I'm more thoughtful about it.
Oh, thoughtful.
Yeah, thoughtful.
I'll help you, uh...
Put them to bed.
Come on, Vincenzo.
Oh, my God.
I can't even lift him.
What are you feeding this guy?
He's 11 now, Vin.
- Come on.
- They grow.
Yeah.
All right, come on, buddy.
Come on. Here we go.
I can't carry you anymore.
Angie, honey, come on, it's bedtime.
Angie, wake up. Bedtime.
Is Dad still here?
Yeah, he's just taking
your brother upstairs.
Go on, bedtime.
Go on, brush your teeth.
Yeah, you know, so,
you can figure that part out.
I don't really care.
You sure of this?
Yeah.
How you know?
We know. We always know.
Well, just that you're sure.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah?
- Yo, my man. You eat?
- Not yet. You?
- No, let's run out.
You fitting to go on
a food run? Count me in, okay?
”Spanish joint with the good menudo?
No, I got a new place
I wanna check out.
- Yeah?
- Chinese.
All right.
I could do with some /0 mein.
Yeah. Come past and get me.
- So you can't carry out for me?
- What you want?
Egg foo young. Shrimp toast.
You just passed it.
- That place back there?
- Yeah.
I don't know, man. Looks like
a mistake waiting to happen.
Yeah.
Don't slam it like that.
Fuck. Shit's so stomped on,
no one needs to worry.
Yeah, well, you ain't wrong.
That's why we gonna go to the source.
Stop talking that crazy shit, Rodney.
Bitch, ain't nothing crazy about it.
Hot Rod got it all figured out.
This from the new place?
No, new place ain't shit.
Hey.
My God.
Looks like you're cramming for
a midterm ten years too late.
- Hunting for a play.
- Which one?
- The right one.
- Okay.
Well, that narrows it down, I guess.
- Glass Menagerie?
- That's a finalist,
but I am also looking at O'Neill
and
Ah, l/l/liderness/
and Inge.
Maybe even
Richard I].
That's a lot of auditions.
Fuck auditions.
I am going to stage something.
On my own, if I have to.
On your own? Uh, where? How?
Not a clue. But I'm gonna do it.
And somewhere in here is my play.
Something from the canon
with the kind of subtext
that can be set to homosexual themes,
something everyone thinks
is a straight play,
and then we turn it on its head
and surprise the hell out of people.
Glass Menagerie?
Oh, come on, Tom Wingfield
has more of a crush
on his sister's gentleman caller
than she does.
Mmm.
- Okay.
- I am going to do this, Paul.
Somehow.
I want this to be a theater group
in the Village, of the Village,
and for the Village.
And fuck every casting agent in town
who ever whispered me out of a room.
Mmm.
Well, you're gonna need
a stage somewhere.
And money beyond that.
- I'm not pressing you.
- I don't feel pressed,
but I'm gonna do this with you.
It's not a nightclub, Paul.
- It's community theater.
- I know.
This is how people stay poor.
Yeah, well, I make enough money.
Just promise me you'll stay away
from Richard.
Nobody wants to see a gay hunchback.
Thatis
Richard 171}
you lowbrow fuck.
Yeah, you know me,
always grabbing at the wrong Dick.
Yeah, this one's gonna be bad.
Yeah, smoke them if you got them.
One, two, three.
Christ. You can smell him from here.
He's gone ripe.
Watch out he don't burst on you
when you pull back the rug.
From the clothes, "he" was a "she."
Not that you could tell otherwise.
Her face is fucking moving.
You want some VapoRub?
Nah, I'm good.
All right, I got shots
of the dumpster,
of the rug, both ends of the alley.
Let me know if you want
anything else, Chris.
Okay.
Got a Spina, Dorothy.
Thirty-four years.
Burlingame, California, address.
All right, I don't want to lose
any trace evidence
fucking around here in the alley,
so let's roll it back up,
take the whole mess down to the ME.
- Miss.
- Thank you, sir.
...motherfucker.
Shit, here come one of his.
Oh, I like the way that sounds, Daddy.
Who the fuck you calling Daddy?
I was just thinking,
with C.C. in the wind,
that I could maybe
earn for one of you.
Earn?
Girl, you rough on pimps.
-Mmmmmm.
- Says who?
First you buried Reggie Love.
- Now word is C.C.'s been iced.
-Mmmmmm.
What word?
C.C. probably took all his money
and went somewhere.
- That ain't what the streets say.
- Well, fuck the streets.
And I didn't
do nothing to Reggie neither.
This ain't fair.
Bad luck come in threes.
So go on, bitch.
No one here gonna pimp you.
Order up.
Pancakes with a side of sausage.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Over easy, hash browns, bacon.
See if we have a pair like this
in the front window.
If not, get these out there.
They always sell.
- Hey.
- You need help?
I know you.
I don't think so.
Yeah. I do.
I think you got me
mistook for someone.
Oh, not in a million years.
I wouldn't forget that face.
Or, uh, everything else
that goes along with it.
Get the fuck out.
You hear me?
Get the fuck outta here, asshole.
- I didn't mean anything by it. Wait.
- Get out, asshole.
Get the fuck out, and take
your shit-eating grin with you.
The more cartoon, the better.
The Ramones, Cramps, whatever.
Back in England,
where it all began, it's political.
Yeah, that's legit.
It's only legit over in London.
Excuse me a minute.
I gotta get over there, you know?
That's where they're doing it.
Hey.
Couldn't figure out how to spend it?
I was giving it all to Dorothy.
Yeah, so?
I haven't seen her in a week.
Not since Dave Hiller and his crew
packed up their shop and left.
Maybe she went with him.
Doubt it.
She'll post up.
Vincent.
- Take a walk with me.
- Now?
All right, give me a minute.
I just need you out front.
- Jeez, Rodney, you're serious.
- Yeah.
Looking out is all.
So no one can come in
and bother me none.
Now, if you can do that, we set.
Three, four minutes
of good looking out,
then just walk away.
I'll meet you back at the crib
with all the candy I can carry.
- Carlos?
- Gone.
- But they...
- Gone, Vincent. He's gone.
- But why?
- Fuck do I know?
Black Frankie comes in today,
tells me like it's barely my business.
Tommy Longo told him to
make it happen, and he did it.
- He just fucking did.
- But what reason?
Black Frankie says
that it got back to Rudy
that Carlos was talking out of school.
Him being a drunk,
they weren't gonna let it stand.
Carlos. Jesus Christ.
It's fucking me up, Vincent.
Bobby, this is what's fucking you up?
This right here? Carlos?
Last we talked,
you and my brother were running out
in the middle of the night
to get bleach
to wipe down the fucking parlor
because you two lost your fucking mind
and killed a pimp on the premises.
You killed him over bullshit,
Bobby, all right?
And now you're gonna get emotional?
I mean, you fucking kidding me?
This is different.
- Different how?
- It's one of our own.
You think I'm gonna
squeeze out some tears
over fucking C.C.?
He had it coming for 12
different reasons, and you know it.
But this was one of
our own people, Vincent.
And even so, Rudy and Tommy,
they just reach right around me,
tap Black Frankie to put a bullet
in a guy's head.
Black Frankie,
who supposedly works for us,
but when he gets an order from Tommy,
he drops one of our own.
You see what I'm saying?
What happens when Tommy tells
Black Frankie or whoever
that it's my turn? Or yours?
Homicide.
Yeah, hang on.
- History?
- Lots of it.
All pross—related.
Soliciting, loitering...
Going back to '69.
Nothing in the last six years or so.
Call those "the California years."
You heard Constantine caught one
last night too, right?
- In a car. West 27th?
- Yep.
What's that looking like?
Mob related.
Gambino ties.
The summer heat's starting
to get to everybody.
It's always like that in August.
And not a taxpayer in the bunch.
Just us, picking up the trash,
misdemeanor homicides.
Son of a bitch.
I knew her.
Went by the name Ashley.
Must've tossed her in the ho wagon
two dozen times.
Yeah? Well, it didn't take.
Front end out.
You pull into
a parking space front end in,
every boss will be beating you
like a red-headed stepchild.
- Detective.
- I'll shadow Goldman for you.
You been on me to do it, and I will.
But I have conditions.
No doubt, Detective.
If you're looking for work,
you going have to wait on Bobby.
Ain't no guarantee,
given your history here.
That was fucking years ago.
He's like a elephant. He don't forget.
I'm management, too.
Name's Joseph,
but, uh, you can call me Joey.
Management?
Melissa. I can start now if you guys
are down a girl or something.
Joey, this girl and your father
have history in this place.
I stole from a john.
Got barred from all the parlors.
But that was forever and a day ago.
So, you're, um... You're Bobby's boy.
-Mmmmmm.
- How old are you?
Twenty-fou r.
Melissa, why don't I buy you dinner
and we figure out
how to put the past behind us, huh?
I mean, everyone deserves
a second chance.
You don't look 24, Joey.
Everyone says that. It's so weird.
So, what do you like to eat, huh?
Um...
Steak, Joey.
Or lobster, maybe?
How about both?
Cool.
But they like that.
Oh, no, no. Right place, wrong time.
No, ladies, no hassle tonight.
Promise.
- We need some help.
- Come on.
Help?
Was she on the stroll?
I don't know her.
Did she have a man out here?
Anyone see her get into a car
the last couple weeks?
- You guys ain't Vice?
- Homicide.
She's dead?
What's the word on the street?
Any bad johns the girls are avondlng?
She wasn't a whore.
You saying you knew her?
Where do you think you're going?
I tell you, nothing was there
when we came in.
What's this one about?
- Nothing.
- Damn right.
Like I been saying...
Girl, just back up. Let me see it.
- What the fuck?
- It ain't yours.
Who wrote you a check?
- It's from me working...
- It's from what?
It's from me working on my thing.
Your thing? What's your thing?
I'm a salesgirl. I sell clothes.
You sell what?
What I make with you,
I share with you.
What I make on my own is mine.
When did you get a straight job?
What the...
Piece of shit. Motherfucker!
Fuck.
Fuck you!
Piece of shit!
What the fuck is going on around here?
You killed her.
- What?
- You killed Ashley.
I ain't kill anyone.
You're the fucking pimps, you did it.
Bitch, I don't know what the fuck
you talking about.
Ashley got killed?
Let me up!
I ain't had shit to do
with anybody getting killed.
And if Ashley dead,
you might want to think on
who had it out for that girl.
Or who ain't been around
in a good while.
Yeah. Could be CO in the wind
for a reason.
What's the fucking difference?
- What are you saying?
- Ashley is dead?
Who's Ashley?
Loretta. . .
I'm fucking done with this.
I'm fucking done with it.
Only, uh, three years old,
and $1,600 new.
And already this thing's a fucking...
it's a fucking stegosaurus.
Now, behold...
The future.
This is a new Panasonic prototype
that they're gonna market next year,
I think for less than a thousand
retail, and that's top of the line.
Artie Morowitz brought this back
from the CES show in Chicago.
It's just you,
in the privacy of your own home,
doing whatever you wanna do
when you're watching people fucking
on your own television set.
Look. Look at this shit, Okay?
You can watch it again and again.
You can go backwards.
There. Or forwards.
Huh? And the old in-and-out
becomes the old out-and-in.
Like I said,
this is the future for us,
which means that, uh, today,
you're gonna go back into editing
and put together trailers
for .
P/easure Pr/son
.and .
Touch /n the /V/ght.
- What for?
- Well, we're gonna
stick 'em on every videotape
of
Red Hot
that we sell.
"Other titles also available
- "from HW International Films."
- Yeah.
We are gonna tease our backlist
on every video.
Yeah, if they're
mail-ordering for one,
they're probably in the market
for more movies.
- That makes a lot of sense.
- And it's not just mail order.
Morowitz is opening up a store
for videos on 47th.
Hmm? Yeah. You walk
right up to the counter.
They sell you any title
that goes to videotape.
I think it's like $100
a unit for VHS, 90 for Beta?
For one? People are gonna pay that?
For porn in the privacy
of their own homes,
people are gonna sell their children.
And hey, uh, I also need
a 45-second c//,'o from
Red Hot.
Okay? No sex. Just people
walking and talking, whatever,
while fully-clothed.
What for?
For Jack l/a/ance. 0n
Late ill/ght.
- What?
- They booked you as a guest.
- No. Fuck you.
- Well...
"The feminist auteur_
who made a porn classm."
And they're willing to let you
show a clip,
so long as it meets network standards.
I am going on network television
to fuckin' sell porn?
O brave new world.
Valance's bookers would like you
to do a pre-interview,
okay, Candy Renee?
You're what's known in this business
as a "good get."
Mack here tells me
that you can be trusted...
...that we can rely on you.
- Sir?
- Look,
the department is going all-in
with the Midtown partnership.
We want it to work. But...
We don't want to be surprised.
We need to know where the thing
is going before it gets there.
If we need _
to clean something up, fine.
You give us the word,
you'll give us a chance.
Don't hang the department
out in public.
And if someone with some pull down
at City Hall is gonna be targeted,
_ some landlord
or holding company or whatever,
we want to know who
we're biting in the ass.
We'll make the enemies
if we have to, sure,
but let us know in advance
so we can protect ourselves.
Now, what do you need?
I need you to shuffle most of
the Vice plainclothes out of Midtown,
especially the guys in Public Morals
and the task force.
I can't do this if I gotta
wade through the usual shit.
Anything else?
Respectfully, sir, I'll let you know.
You do that, Sergeant Alston.
My door is open to you.
Congratulations on making rank.
Sir, I'm nowhere near the top
of the sergeant's list.
You are now.
She can ’t heio you now, gir/.
You mine.
No, I... I don't like that.
Try to find something on 8th Avenue
with Larry and Lori.
Maybe the second chase sequence?
So, omitting the skin,
maybe in the doorway or...
- Yes. Yeah.
- Okay.
Eileen? Um, about...
About the other night,
with those guys, um...
Yeah. Fuck you, Russell.
Um, just... It's...
That's not how I think of us.
No, really, fuck you.
And fuck me, too.
You know, I settled for us,
'cause I thought you were safe for me.
You're in the business.
You know what we do.
You know what's real...
And what's not real.
So, you know, I thought I could
let my guard down a little,
not have to worry someone
was pretending to fuck Eileen
when Candy was the only one
in his bed.
I know. I don't...
Like, I know these guys
from back in the day, and I was...
I got caught up in trying
to impress them, but...
Yeah.
It's stupid, and I'm sorry.
Yeah, anything you got
in my apartment,
I'll throw in a bag for you.
Start on that mid-shot of Lori,
coming out of the subway.
We'll go from there.
Oh...
You kiddin' me?
That kind of money
for the East Village?
Theater in the West Village or even
Chelsea'd be three times the rent.
For what you have to spend,
be thankful this is still Manhattan.
Oof.
He's gone, okay?
He is not coming back for you, Lori.
He is gone for good.
- He was paid to go.
- You don't know him.
You don't.
He's gonna come back for me,
you'll see.
This is fucking crazy.
The people I work with,
they bought him out.
He took the money.
Doesn't matter.
Look, whatever you left at his crib,
we can replace it,
and for now,
you can keep on staying with me.
I am fine with that.
But come Friday,
you are going to get on that plane
and go to LA
and do the LA premiere,
and the publicity they have scheduled.
We're committed.
I'm not gonna go until he says I can.
I'm not.
Jesus, Lori!
This is so fucking paranoid.
How much coke are you doing?
You don't understand.
So, how is it going
with my sister?
Fine.
Oh.
Thanks for makin' it happen.
Nadine is worried you are unhappy.
Me? No, I just had a thing yesterday.
Yeah, she told me.
You know what, Renton?
I ain't gonna lie to you.
You don't deserve that,
you really don't.
You are lying?
I'm not telling the truth,
that's for damn sure.
You could do better for yourself.
Excuse me?
Way better.
I slept with men for money.
I did it for years.
And I've been in movies,
dirty-ass movies.
The guy yesterday,
he recognized me from the movies,
and, I don't know,
I just lost my shit when he did.
So now you know.
But it's a job.
And I did it.
- Do you still?
- Less and less.
Why you think I took the job
with your sister?
It's hard to get past it all,
ain't it?
Come to class.
Feels like
something's turned.
- How so?
- I don't know, I just...
I always thought of us...
You know, me and mine...
This is gonna sound stupid,
but I always thought of us
as being good people.
What, we ain't?
Maybe all the assholes in the world,
they go through life thinkin'
that they're not assholes.
They think they're right people,
and they're not.
That's a part of being an asshole.
That's what I'm sayin'.
Ah.
These motherfuckers,
they come to me tomorrow,
and they tell me to do you.
What do I say?
What do you say if they come to you,
tell you to do me?
What do you think?
- I think we're not assholes.
- No.
But you can never be sure, right?
Check, one, two.
Boy, am I glad to see you.
Where has our girl been?
Check, one, two.
Ah... Classics.
Vincent.
Ah.
Yeah?
Uh-huh.
All right. Stay there.
Stay there.
Hey. Get up.
Pour us something.
Ianniello, wha...
You fellas can wait outside.
- Pour.
- Yeah.
All right.
Is there something, uh...
What... What can I do?
Do you know this gentleman?
Uh... I'm sorry, I... How do you do?
- I'm good.
- His name is Rudy Pipilo,
and you should fuckin' know him.
He happens to own 25% of your movie.
But what's really confusing to me is,
I own 90% of it.
How much is that?
Hundred and fifteen percent.
Add on the 10% for you and yours,
if this thing ever sees
a fuckin' profit.
How much does that make, Harvey?
A hundred and a quarter.
How... How do you...
How do you have...
Frankie Martino sold me a quarter
for 20 grand.
He didn't tell you
where the cash came from?
He, uh...
You dumb fuckin' sheeny.
Do you realize what you've done?
You sold the same movie to two capos,
one Gambino, and one Genovese.
It's true.
We don't even like each other.
We really don't.
Hey.
- You were right.
- No.
The pimps.
CO, I know it was him.
Look.
- This isn't your fault.
- Hell, no.
This isn't about you.
I should have stopped it.
Shit, how?
This is about Ashley
and what she couldn't shake.
That damage don't lie.
Come on.
Darlene.
You ain't gonna say
goodbye or nothin'?
It's easier this way.
Thing is,
you should've never let me
see you act, Larry.
Once you showed me that,
you showed me everything.
How you mean?
Pimp is a role.
So is whore.
You pretended to be one,
I pretended to be the other,
and we went on like that for years.
You know, pretendin'.
But shit,
once you start lettin' a girl
inside the pretend,
it's over, ain't it?
Besides...
Your heart ain't been in pimpin'
for a long while now.
So this is it, then?
Yeah.
A lot of years, Darlene.
We might not ever
see each other again.
I do this right,
we sure as hell will not.
This same caliber, but more than six.
You know how to use semi-auto?
It's all good.
Just remember there's one in the
chamber after you rack the slide.
I can probably do 60 a day
for that one,
another ten for bullets.
Gonna come get you in five minutes.
You need anything?
Hair and makeup touch-up?
- You tell me.
- You look good.
Hearst huﬂt
a castle there. You should go see it.
Yeah, next time
I’m in the neighborhood
I’// be sure to stop by.
Christ, this place is all class.
Mmm-hmm.
- What's the overhead?
- Higher than usual.
I'm still clearing
two or three a week.
So you're set.
- Why call us now?
- I need cash now.
For one thing, I wanna
buy out my partner in this.
He risked everything,
now he needs to move on, I owe him.
And for another,
I got a new opportunity.
- What's that?
- A theater.
- Like for movies?
- Nah. For plays.
Hmm.
- Money in that?
- Not a dime, that I can tell.
How much?
Seventy-five. But here's the thing.
IfI can pay Rudy that back,
with a fair vig within the year,
I want to get clear.
Yeah, it doesn't work that way.
- Yeah.
- Look, Rudy's not greedy.
- He won't bust you out. You know this.
-Mmmmmm.
But if we're in, we're in for the run.
Yeah.
I understand that you not only
directed the movie,
but you also acted in it.
What was it like directing yourself?
Oh.
Um...
I mean, did you make the cast
do take after take
until you were satisfied?
Um...
My cast was really talented,
and it was an honor to work with them.
Oh, come on, lighten up.
It's an adult movie,
not an Oscar contender.
I... I know, but I...
Just because we're depicting
human sexuality,
that doesn't mean you can assume
that we're not professionals
or that we don't have a story to tell.
R/ght and we a// read
P/ayboy
for the interviews.
Give it. Give it all.
Time safe. It's a time safe.
You stupid...
Get up, motherfucker! Get up!
Look what you made me do, huh?
Shit!
Fuck this!
Well, that was no fun at all.
- Oh, no?
- Everybody had their clothes on.
I remember when we used to collar her
twme a week on the stroll.
Now she's swapping spit on talk shows.
Hmm. Good for her.
Hey.
Units be advised
there ’5 a 1 0-30 in progress.
- That's us.
- All right, let's roll.
Tenth and 44th Street
- What was the address on that?
- Pharmacy on 10th.
All right. You comin'?
For what?
Save my stool, will ya?
Fuck!
Hey. Hey, where's your partner?
- Covering the back.
- No, no. Go find him.
I got this till backup comes,
then we'll go in.
Go.
Shay!
Shay, we clear out there?
Rodney?
Are you kidding me?
Fuck you, Haddix.
Detective on scene!
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Somebody call the bus.
I spilled my fuckin' beer.
- Detective, you okay?
- Ah...
- Hey, move it, move it!
- Back, people, back.
Lori Madison is losing
her coke-addled mind
at the idea that her pimp
is hiding behind every lamppost
waiting to jump her.
Kiki Raines says she won't get
on a plane for the LA premiere
unless C.C. says she can.
C.C. ain't gonna say shit.
Well, someone needs
to convince Lori of that.
Yeah, it's on me. I... I'll do it.
Second, and much more of a problem.
I've been informed that
we sold pieces of
Red hot
to two different Mafia families?
All right, what... So who's cryin'?
I mean, the movie's gonna make money,
then we all make money.
You don't fuckin' get it.
The only thing these guys like
to do more than cheat each other
is cheat other people.
I thought you won that cash in a bet,
Frankie. Yeah.
Yeah, now these dagos
are gonna compete with each other
to see which one of 'em
can screw us over more.
No, no, no.
I got my own money
in this movie, all right?
And Candy, she's got her guy
out in LA, he threw in.
He's fucked. And so are you.
Hey, that's not fair, Harvey.
I'm not telling you what's fair,
dearest, I'm telling you what is. I...
Look, yeah, sure,
if we keep our heads down
and the movie does the business
that it should,
sure, maybe they'll peel off
a little back end for you, Frankie.
Yeah, maybe they'll even
give me a little taste
of what oughta be my cut!
Maybe not!
Boy, you're awfully quiet over there,
Miss Merrell.
What say you?
Looks like we're gonna
make them some money.
And they're gonna make me a name.
I'm gonna take that name
and I'm gonna use it
to raise money for the next picture
without them,
and then the next one.
So fuck it.
Hey, Harvey.
Harvey.
This is just money.
It's just money.
What we do is not goin' away.
Not ever.
Hey, you were good on TV last night.
No, I was the butt
of that asshole's jokes.
But I'm not goin' away, either.
Fuck.
You awake?
I made some calls.
Take care of things for Ashley.
Dorothy.
What do you mean?
I claimed her from the city.
I'll do what needs doin'.
Do you want to go out there?
- Hey.
How's she doin'?
This a bad idea?
No. No, just, um...
Why don't you spend
some time with her,
I'm gonna go take care
of some things. All right?
- Yeah. Mmm-hmm.
- Thank you.
Ding dong.
Why are you here?
The fuck do you think? I need a job.
You think I can go back to trickin'
now that Dorothy fuckin' Spina
decided to die for my sins,
you've lost whatever's left
of your mind.
She screwed me good.
Now I gotta clean glasses
and spill liquor
in that dive you call a bar.
There's no fixing this world,
is there?
I don't know.
Whatever it is,
it's bigger than some pimps,
and it's bigger than all the whores
and all the johns.
It's something to do with how
our brains work, or don't.
What do you mean?
I don't know what the fuck I mean.
I'm not that smart.
Hmm.
But, shit, maybe you'll figure it out.
I'll help ifI can.
Hmm.
Hello?
Hey, who wants to go on vacation?
Hi, Dad.
- Is Adam here?
- He's not going with you.
Ma.
I... I promised him the beach.
I don't care what you promised him.
He's not goin', and you're not welcome
in this house.
- Dad--
- How'd you think it would be for him?
What do you think happens in a
schoolyard when everything gets said?
Why, did something happen?
When you tell the whole world
who you are?
Fuck you.
Because you don't have any idea...
Hey, Dad.
Dad.
So, what'd you want
to talk to me about?
He's dead.
C.C. He's dead.
How do you know?
I know.
I saw him. Dead.
You saw him?
You were there?
Why?
Was it 'cause of me?
- No.
- So, why?
It just happened.
- But...
- But he's not comin' back.
That's what you need to know.
Yeah.
Is everything good?
I got some fresh coffee comin' up.
I'll get your check for you.
Hold on, honey.
You want some coffee? You want coffee?
All right, I got some decaf brewmg.
. . . was shot in the line of duty.
The 14-year veteran was admitted
to St. Vincent’s Hospital
with a single gunshot wound
to the shoulder.
Wh/le the...
Take it you know the guy.
That is the senior man
in Public Morals,
and I had him a heartbeat away
from being transferred
to some shithole precinct
in an outer borough.
- And now?
- Now?
He took one for the company.
He's a fuckin' hero.
And if anyone says different,
he just unbuttons his shirt
and shows 'em the scar.
He fuckin' rules
where he stands.
You're kidding me.
God's a second-rate novelist.
Truth is, Sergeant,
I don't need you
to clean up the Deuce,
or even clean up your own department.
What I need is for you
to hold the line,
and make sure it doesn't get worse.
You give me that,
and the money will do the rest.
The future's now,
and I'm gonna run these
sons of bitches right off this island.
See the show,
three dancers on the stage now.
All it costs is one quarter.
Watch ’em, touch em,
taste ’em if you ’re lucky.
Juicy pussy waitin ’ for ya.
Show these girls what you got.
You love somethin', set it free.
If it comes back to you,
it's fucked up.
Speakin' of which,
they told me you were back.
What, you pay what you owe,
plus some vig?
Manner of speakin'.
They're fuckin' me out of
every last dollar I'm due on my movie.
And Rudy, feelin' a little bit guilty,
hands me back this fuckin' shithole.
I mean,
motherfucker actually says to me,
"Hey, try not to steal
so many quarters this time.
"Just keep it within reason."
Fuck.
Nothin' shi_ttier _
than a consolation prize.
Yeah.
- Vince.
- Hey.
Uh... Bobby.
Uh...
I was over at St. Gabriel
with Ashley.
- You know.
- Yeah, okay.
You, uh... You didn't put a stone down
for that other girl,
what's-her-name.
Shit.
Yeah, I fuckin' forgot.
I'll get it done, Vince. Sorry.
We're better than this, Bobby.
We can be better, you know?
- Well, uh...
- Yeah, come on,
everyone knows how to dance.
All right. How 'bout a slow one?
Yeah.
This isn't slow, silly.
Yes. Okay, uh...
Can I see you guys in your position?
You look beautiful.
I wanna see if there's a way we...
That dump where all the
silly fools go, I should say not.
Cut. We're gonna update that.
Nobody reads Kipling anymore.
This rede ve/opment plan is cﬁ/ferent.
7'0 speak further about the specific
strategies we wﬂl be deploying,
[’0' Me to introduce the director of
the Midtown Enforcement Project;
and my boss, Carl l/l/eisbrod.
Carl.
Thank you, Gene. Thank you.
Greg!
- You're here.
- Of course.
- Welcome to LA.
- Thank you.
- Where to?
- Breakfast.
If you gonna take my badge,
Captain Hall,
you might as well do it now,
'cause I ain't gonna stop
until I solve this case.
Turned completely white, you know?
Hey, Vince.